fix: Disable snippet previews while snippet panel is closing (#371)
seek-oss/playroom: .changeset/four-peaches-attack.md

---
'playroom': patch
---

> Disable snippet previews while the snippets panel is closing.
> 
> Previously, snippet previews could be triggered while the snippet panel was closing, causing preview frames to enter an invalid state.
> Previewing a snippet will now only work when the snippet panel is open.

Reviewer: This feels a bit too much like implementation detail to me. I'd just mention the bug and say it's fixed.

```suggestion
Fixes a bug that was causing duplicate snippet previews and broken preview updates when a snippet was clicked and the mouse was moved while the snippets panel was closing
```

It's a bit of a long sentence, but I think it gets the point across.
